improve wiki documentation (#24145)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/wikis/README.md

# Wikis

Under **Administration → Wikis** you can configure the wiki providers that OpenProject uses when linking to or creating wiki pages from work packages.

OpenProject supports two types of wiki providers:

- **Internal wiki**: the built-in OpenProject Wiki as a wiki provider.
- **External wikis**: third-party wiki systems, such as XWiki.

Wiki providers are configured globally and are available to all projects. Each provider may expose one or more wikis, depending on configuration.

## Internal wiki

The **Internal wiki** setting enables the built-in OpenProject wiki as a **wiki provider** for the wiki integration used in work packages.

> [!NOTE]

> > This setting **does not affect the regular OpenProject Wiki module**. Projects can continue to use their project wiki as usual when the **Wiki** module is enabled under **Project settings → Modules**.

Author: ```suggestion
> As of OpenProject 17.6, this setting **does not affect the regular OpenProject Wiki module**. Projects can continue to use their project wiki as usual when the **Wiki** module is enabled under **Project settings → Modules**. This may change in the upcoming releases.
```

> > As of OpenProject 17.6, this setting **does not affect the regular OpenProject Wiki module**. Projects can continue to use their project wiki as usual when the **Wiki** module is enabled under **Project settings → Modules**. This may change in the upcoming releases.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add more hint on _intent_ here?

Something like "We advise to only disable the internal provider, if you are not planning to use internal wikis at all". Or "if you want to use internal wikis in your projects, we recommend to keep this setting enabled"

Author: agreed, adjusted the wording.

> > As of OpenProject 17.6, this setting **does not affect the regular OpenProject Wiki module**. Projects can continue to use their project wiki as usual when the **Wiki** module is enabled under **Project settings → Modules**. This may change in the upcoming releases.

Author: ```suggestion
> As of OpenProject 17.6, this setting **does not affect the regular OpenProject Wiki module**. Projects can continue to use their project wiki as usual when the **Wiki** module is enabled under **Project settings → Modules**. This WILL CHANGE in the upcoming releases. We therefore advise to only disable the internal provider, if you are not planning to use internal wikis at all.
```
